`azurerm_api_management_custom_domain` - support `Managed` certificate for `certificate_source` (#29248)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/api_management_custom_domain.html.markdown

* `certificate_password` - (Optional) The password associated with the certificate provided above.

* `certificate_source` - (Optional) The source of the Custom Domain certificate. The only possible value is `Managed`.

> -> **NOTE:** Please check the [Limitations](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/api-management/configure-custom-domain?WT.mc_id=Portal-fx&tabs=managed#limitations) of `Managed` certificate for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** Please see the [product documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/api-management/configure-custom-domain?WT.mc_id=Portal-fx&tabs=managed#limitations) for `Managed Certificate` limitations.
```

Author: Fixed.
